[Doc+] Logstash output.elasticsearch index can be alias or datastream (#1136)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-elasticsearch: docs/index.asciidoc

  ** ECS Compatibility disabled: `"logstash-%{+yyyy.MM.dd}"`
  ** ECS Compatibility enabled: `"ecs-logstash-%{+yyyy.MM.dd}"`

> The indexing target to write events to. Can point to an <<https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/index-mgmt.html,index>>, <<https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/aliases.html,alias>>, or <<https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/data-streams.html,data stream>>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The indexing target to write events to. 
Can point to an {ref}/index-mgmt.html[index], {ref}/aliases.html[alias], or {ref}/data-streams.html[data stream]. 
```

Reviewer: Apply correct syntax for cross-references.
